fix: removed step 28 and fixed issue #44836 (#44856)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/step-041.md

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad69993
title: Step 41
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-41
---

# --description--

> Set the `border-radius` of `.two` to `8px 10px`. This will round its top-left and bottom-right corners by 8 pixels, and top-right and bottom-left corners by 10 pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `border-radius` property on the `.two` selector, to set its top-left and bottom-right radii to `8px`, and top-right and bottom-left radii to `10px`.
```
